=head1 NAME

mbtget - Simple perl script for make some modbus transaction from the command line.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Modbus is a standard serial communication protocol used to interconnect industrial
PLC (and a lot of other things). This module gives you access to TCP and RTU
version of this protocol, through the MBclient object.

You can have a look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modbus for details.

=head1 INSTALL

You can install this module from:

GitHub:

    git clone https://github.com/sourceperl/mbtget.git
    cd mbtget
    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    sudo make install

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

This script requires no other module or librarie.

It's pure Perl code without any extension.

=head1 USAGE

=head2 read mbtget help

    pi@raspberrypi ~ $ mbtget -h

=head2 read a word data at address 1000 on modbus server 127.0.0.1

    pi@raspberrypi ~ $ mbtget -a 1000 127.0.0.1

    values:
    1 (ad 01000): 52544

=head2 read 10 words data at address 1000 on modbus server plc-1.domaine.net

    pi@raspberrypi ~ $ mbtget -n 10 -a 1000 plc-1.domaine.net

    values:
    1 (ad 01000): 52544
    2 (ad 01001): 33619
    3 (ad 01002): 61010
    4 (ad 01003): 11878
    5 (ad 01004): 60142
    6 (ad 01005): 21714
    7 (ad 01006): 14182
    8 (ad 01007): 64342
    9 (ad 01008): 18511
    10 (ad 01009): 59909

=head2 write a word value of 333 at address 1000 on modbus server 127.0.0.1 with dump mode active

    pi@raspberrypi ~ $ mbtget -w6 333 -a 1000 -d 127.0.0.1
    Tx
    [10 01 00 00 00 06 01] 06 03 E8 01 4D
    Rx
    [10 01 00 00 00 06 01] 06 03 E8 01 4D

    word write ok

=head1 BUGS

Thanks to report issues at https://github.com/sourceperl/mbtget/issues

=head1 AUTHOR

Loic Lefebvre, E<lt>lle@cpan.orgE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2014 Loic Lefebvre

The MIT License (MIT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
